Release beta 14 (#663)
DataDog/datadog-api-client-go: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## v1.0.0-beta.14 / 2021-01-19

* [Added] Add log index creation. See [#662](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/662).
* [Added] Add SLO Corrections. See [#654](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/654).
* [Added] Add new live and rehydrated logs breakdowns for Usage API. See [#652](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/652).
* [Added] Add support for Synthetics variables from test. See [#641](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/641).

> * [Fixed] Add additionalProperties: false to synthetics target field. See [#657](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/657).
> * [Fixed] Fix enums with varnames. See [#650](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/650).
> * [Fixed] Fix missing field for synthetics variables from test. See [#649](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/649).
> * [Fixed] Extract key sorting enum to a specific schema. See [#646](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/646).
> * [Changed] Fix some integer/number formats in Logs and Synthetics endpoints. See [#658](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/658).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Add additionalProperties: false to synthetics target field. See [#657](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/657).
* [Fixed] Fix missing field for synthetics variables from test. See [#649](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/649).
* [Changed] Extract key sorting enum to a specific schema in key management endpoint. See [#646](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/646).
* [Changed] Extract enum to specific schema in incidents endpoint. See [#650](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/650).
* [Changed] Fix some integer/number formats in Logs and Synthetics endpoints. See [#658](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/pull/658).
```
